packages/contact-importer/README.md, before:

[![BuildStatus](https://travis-ci.org/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40sendgrid%2Fclient.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/org/sendgrid)
[![Email Notifications Badge](https://dx.sendgrid.com/badge/nodejs)](https://dx.sendgrid.com/newsletter/nodejs)

**This package is part of a monorepo, please see [this README](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/blob/master/README.md) for details.**

To be notified when this package is updated, please subscribe to email [notifications](https://dx.sendgrid.com/newsletter/nodejs) for releases and breaking changes.

<a name="contribute"></a>
# How to Contribute

We encourage contribution to our libraries (you might even score some nifty swag), please see our [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.

* [Feature Request](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#feature-request)
* [Bug Reports](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#submit-a-bug-report)
* [Improvements to the Codebase](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#improvements-to-the-codebase)

<a name="troubleshooting"></a>
# Troubleshooting

Please see our [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/blob/master/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) for common library issues.

<a name="about"></a>
# About

@sendgrid/contact-importer is guided and supported by the Twilio SendGrid [Developer Experience Team](mailto:dx@sendgrid.com).

@sendgrid/contact-importer is maintained and funded by Twilio SendGrid, Inc. The names and logos for @sendgrid/contact-importer are trademarks of Twilio SendGrid, Inc.

![Twilio SendGrid Logo](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-python/raw/master/twilio_sendgrid_logo.png)

Commit message:

docs: cleanup support/help/contact information

packages/contact-importer/README.md, after:

[![BuildStatus](https://travis-ci.org/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40sendgrid%2Fclient.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/org/sendgrid)
[![Email Notifications Badge](https://dx.sendgrid.com/badge/nodejs)](https://dx.sendgrid.com/newsletter/nodejs)

**This package is part of a monorepo, please see [this README](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/blob/master/README.md) for details.**

To be notified when this package is updated, please subscribe to email [notifications](https://dx.sendgrid.com/newsletter/nodejs) for releases and breaking changes.

<a name="contribute"></a>
# How to Contribute

We encourage contribution to our libraries (you might even score some nifty swag), please see our [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.

* [Feature Request](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#feature-request)
* [Bug Reports](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#submit-a-bug-report)
* [Improvements to the Codebase](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#improvements-to-the-codebase)

<a name="troubleshooting"></a>
# Troubleshooting

Please see our [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-nodejs/blob/master/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) for common library issues.

<a name="about"></a>
# About

@sendgrid/contact-importer is maintained and funded by Twilio SendGrid, Inc. The names and logos for @sendgrid/contact-importer are trademarks of Twilio SendGrid, Inc.

If you need help installing or using the library, please check the [Twilio SendGrid Support Help Center](https://support.sendgrid.com).

If you've instead found a bug in the library or would like new features added, go ahead and open issues or pull requests against this repo!

![Twilio SendGrid Logo](https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-python/raw/master/twilio_sendgrid_logo.png)
